Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-withOptions.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::withOptions()
==================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Clone a MongoDB Collection object with different options using `withOptions()`, specifying parameters like codec, read concern, and write concern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Clone a Collection object with different options with the MongoDB PHP Library, specifying parameters like codec, read concern, and write concern.
```
